00:16 
So here is number four, six, six. This is closing to your app, you want to get this. All right, so today I'm going to talk about the remote usual authentication. So as I am explained in the last one, everyone's visual presentation is really tricky because there is so called. 

01:13 
All right, the player attacker is what who is your player attacker the player attacker is very who would like to capture your value and then later they would like to This is the same as exactly to the server to impersonate new language so for example. You might think that the council is predicted by the encryption algorithm so here we are assuming that the server and the client is going to share already has shared the session key. 

01:52 
We don't know yet how to do so, but later we are going to talk about very detailed with the TLS 1.223, all right, but for now we just assume that they have some way Agreed upon the same shared decision key and then user encrypted her password and then sent it together with her ID and the server is going to decrease the message and then can extract the password. And then do the same thing right, check out the password file using the hash function alright so it looks quite good because password is protected but the problem is that what that ID and encryption of password package can be captured very easily even though it is encrypted. 

02:43 
It can be anyway captured by the attacker, right, and then the attacker cannot decrypt the password, right, because the attacker does not know what the session key is, right, to decrypt the encryptive password, you need a decryption key. Currently the attacker is going to have the patrician key so what? If you cannot find out what your password is right, the problem is that the attacker is going to try to replay or resend the same package to the server, right, and the server is going to receive the ID and institution of password. 

03:31 
And then try to evalidate the user in this case it will be validated because it is the valid ID and encryption of massive pair right so even though The attacker is not the person who is claiming now but the problem is that he will be accepted by the system so this is the replay attacker we need to. Patch this protocol, this is an authentication protocol, right, protocol means that the client is going to send us something and so we're going to do something and then I'll reply back with some package right and back and forth and then later, finally eventually they are going to share the either will be accepted or rejected, right? 

04:24 
So why this happens, this authentication remote user authentication protocol phase in the sense that it can be attracted by the vector, right, then why this happens, what do you think why this happens? What's the problem of this protocol so we need to make this better right in terms of security then what can we do to do so we need to find out what was the problem with this protocol what was it what do you think? What was the problem both ID and encryption packets can be used when an attacker impersonates the users so yeah, so that is the fundamentally that is the reason that why the play attack is possible, right? 

05:25 
Then what is the problem why we play a type is possible here? There isn't a factor that checks the latency so latency yes, the time latency so so everybody doesn't know if that was a play attack for the original attention right right, right right here the point is that we summer didn't check out the time right so if you think about that The replay attacker is going to capture the previous session, I mean the previous session previous means that Maybe our session or yesterday's value session and not right and then later the attacker replay attacker is going to replay the packet right, which means that there is a time gap. 

06:18 
There is a time gap between the captured session and then impersonating session so this is the attacker session and this is the normal user session, right? There is a time gap, but the server didn't check out the time so what is your suggestion? To make this secure at time, we can add time stamp, we call it the timestamp, all right, we can add timestamp where where can you put the timestamp in this verb? Which is the best place for putting the time stamp. 

07:14 
So there might be you can add the timestamp like ID encryption of password comma and timestamp, right, that might be possible are you okay with this approach? The timestamp can be easily replaceable, replaceable by the attacker, the attacker, it is not an idiot, then he's going to replace it with the current time as if it were the current. Message value message right then where is the best place? 

08:00 
The best place is within the inker shell, right, if the user, whenever they try to log into the server, then She's going to send out ID and encryption of password, comma, timestamp, close parenthesis, then whole thing, a bunch of data, including the password and the timestamp, will be encrypted, which cannot be altered. Right by the attacker and that is it possible to make a valid ciphertext. For the attacker to make it possible, what do you think it is not possible because why not because the attacker does not have the key to make the valid ciphertext? 

08:55 
The attacker is the key right, so attacker if you encrypt the passport password and the timestamp together within a cycle text which requires the interaction key right, which is not known to the attacker in that case. The attacker cannot make it so this is one thing, one approach, right? You can add like time stamp, as I mentioned before, ID and encryption of time stamp and password. And then send me to the server and the server is going to check first decrypt the message right, and then try to find out of the password and the timestamp right, and then if the timestamp is not that old, right, for example, the timestamp is like yesterday's timestamp. 

09:54 
Or an hour of your time, in that case, the server has to reject it, all right? In that case, the server can be rejected because it is the employer pack, right? But if the timestamp is like a current time is the 3 PN and the timestamp is like 259 pn, in this case it's okay, it's just one minute difference or it's 259 and then like 50 seconds in that case there is only 10 seconds gap, right, so it might be okay, but it depends what do you think? 

10:46 
How much time are you going to allow the slack, how much time slack can you give to accept the user's session, for example, is it okay to accept the two minute? I go package is it okay to accept only the exact time stamp what do you think which one is okay? So in this case we have to consider the network delay, right, the network has always the delay. 

11:24 
Like it might have some kind of delay even though you send it the packet is not delivered immediately to the server right it is super fast right, but still there is a lab right then what is your fast recommendation for the Time delay, for example, you can allow me 1 second or you can allow me 2 seconds or you can allow like 10 minutes What do you think what does this mean if you allow 10 minutes time slack, then what does that in terms of security? In the floor, there must be something you are staring at all this floor. 

12:24 
What does that mean, what is the slide that you can get to the system? Right, for example, if you allow one hour, if you can give one hour slack. Then in that case, then the attacker can take advantage of the one hour time slack and then he can use the recorded session which was recorded an hour before and then use it. So the more slack you can give, the less the security is because the attacker has a wider. 

13:17 
Time window to affect the system right so the best thing is that the exact time is only loud but it is not possible because of the network delay so you have to decide it right like a one second or sometimes it might be a millisecond unit like a hundred millisecond or 20 millisecond so it depends on the site server and then we already have seen this in many protocols right so anyway this is one way And then there is another way which uses the random nonce so whenever a user tried to log into the system she first generates the random number random number which is fresh and the random number generates Is generated first and then together with the password she's going to encrypt it and then send it to the suburb so every single session the random non should be generated by the client but in this case it looks every time it is different, right? 

14:24 
So you might think that it is okay, but still it is my secure at all, right, because the server does not know whether this is a fresh random number or not, but actually if the server can store the random nonce, right, for whole user sessions. Every single session, if this server is able to store the randomness in the database, then you can check out whether this is the replayed package or this is the fresh package all right, so this is another idea all right, this is a random fixed approach but the problem is what? 

15:04 
In this case there is no issue such like time granularity, right, but in this case there is an issue with The database size grows all the time, the server has to score the randomness all the time so if you're logging for example, thousand times, then the server has to score the thousand randomness. All right, and also the client has to store that number of data, right, so this is the two approaches, all right? If the server doesn't store the randomness, then it is quite easy to do the replay attack all right, so for now we have the timestamp this is the best strategy to frustrate the replay attack all right? 

16:01 
Another way to make the session secure without using the timestamp, this is called the challenge and response for challenge and response for And here in this protocol the user sends her ID, right, so she's claiming a student ID and then the server is going to send back a randomness so in this case the randomness is generated by the server. And sent to the user site alright, this is very different from the previous protocol in the previous protocol the randomness was generated by the client, right, but in this case the randomness is generated by the server alright and the server is going to send back the randomness to the client. 

16:55 
And the client is going to calculate this number, right, like it's going to hash the randomness together with the password, okay, this is the response okay, so this is the challenge and this is the response so this is called the challenge and response for This is very common in the remote authentication protocol challenge and response for what? Defeating the replay attacker, all right, okay, so in this case, the random nonsis generated by the client randomly, right, for every single session server does not need to store the random nonsis in the database. 

17:42 
And the client does not care about that and the client all the client has to do is just calculate the hash of random nonce and password and then we fly back with the response, then the server is going to check out. The same thing like R is given from the client, all right, and the server also is able to calculate the response value. Correct response value because the server knows the ID and then the server can check out the database right and then the database there is a password in this case plaintext password and the password together random nonce which was generated by itself. 

18:29 
And then you can captainate it together and then it can calculate the hash value which must be exactly the same with the users and the response value if they match, then you are accepted, but if they are different, then you are rejected, all right? So this is the challenge and response protocol, this is quite common in the authentication protocol, all right, and then do you see any issues with this approach? Is it possible to do the replay attack here, what do you see? 

19:15 
I have several questions like is it possible to do the replay attack against this protocol and then second if not then okay, it seems like it does not have any security issues but still it might have some security issues so what is that? And then I'm going to give you some time to discuss with your friend to find out the answers, okay, my questions, if you have any question, please ask me and then you can discuss with your friends, all right, review and then try to answer to my questions. 

21:52 
So if you haven't found any security related issues with this protocol, please let me know. Actually, this is not secure at all, this protocol is not secure. 

23:58 
Yeah, they are using it, but in many scenarios, it's not that easy, easy to protect the system, even though there is a tiny time. It is a kind of slack there is room for an attacker to the system but it is not always easy so they are using for example, you know, you have the banking account in Korean and I believe you have the OTP card OTP device. Also the time step, it is valid for 30 seconds, for example, for one minute during the time they can use it so still but even so. 

24:47 
I think and it works, they put more mechanism not only depending on not only the OTP, but also they are asking something else, right, so there is no such thing like a silver. But we have to use multiple mechanism, security mechanism to make a system secure instead of relying on one single mechanism, all right, questions, no, no questions. Close, but my friend and I, maybe it isn't secure because it's happening. 

26:06 
Okay. 

27:29 
All right, first question is, is it possible for an attacker to the replay attack, is it possible, what do you think? In the challenge and response protocol. Maybe it's possible how. After the discussion, I feel like the the challenge part of the random norms, like the generated by the civil might have like a hole for the attacker to find out that random norms to be used to hash with the password. But it's now related with the replay attack, right? 

28:20 
So to do I mean the replay attack is what captured the valid session and then replay this is a replay attack, right, and then let's assume that there was a valid session right, we just send the correct measure ID and the random instance from the server. Which is all captured and the response is also the valid response from reserve is captured right and then those set of data will be replayed by this client and to do so the client has first sent the captured ID to the server, right? And the server is going to reply back with the fresh random nonce, right, which is it the same with the captured nonce? 

29:11 
It's different the reply message the randomness from the server is fresh I mean that server is going to use the fresh randomness every time all right, so the previous captured session Do have does have the the old randomness number which is not likely to be the same as the current random number, right, because the server is going to pick the randomness just randomly from a very large pool like 2 to the 64. Number of pools, huge pools and then the server is going to choose on right and then there is a very low chance, there is a chance, but still it is it is yet a very low or slim chance to be the same. 

30:03 
Right, so the randomness is different, which means that the reply message is wrong, the reply message is what it is the reply message response message for the previous session randomness right, but for now the server Has chosen a different randomness in this case the response must be also different it has recalculated with the fresh randomness but the captured one is not so the replay attack Fundamentally, it's not possible because what because of suburbs ratio and domains, all right, is it clear? 

30:54 
Yeah, so this is the basic idea without using timestamp still we can frustrate the replay attacker all right, is that click now? Any questions? What if the server has chosen the same randomness, it might be possible, but it is not likely to be the same randomness just before. 

31:30 
So you have also the kind of timestamp thing together here within that timestamp, there is almost your negligible probability that the same randomness will be chosen by the Okay, so we are reassured that okay, we play a tent is not possible with this remote authentication protocol so we are happy for now, right, but we really happy with this. Are you going to use this protocol for the remote user computation so this is my second question, right, is it secure really secure does this protocol have another security issue? 

32:20 
So one is that we have already discussed the offline dictionary attack, right, I'm talking about the offline dictionary attack with this protocol, but as you already know, to mount the offline dictionary attack. You need what you need the password file, right, you need a password file, but there is no such thing here, right, I don't assume that the password file is revealed to the attacker, all right? 

32:55 
Then what's the point is it possible for an attacker to do the offline dictionary attack here or offline guessing attack here, think about it all right, so it is possible that is why I'm asking you right it is possible then how Without having the password fire, right? Think about it. You can discuss with the French how to do the applying dictionary attacks in this verb that is why this protocol is not secure, we cannot use it as it is. 

36:07 
Do anyone to discuss this question, please? Question is the more important than the answer always, right? 

37:01 
Whatever you do, question is more important than this, you have to come up with a lot of questions. Anyone do things, find the answer. Did you understand my questions anyway? 

37:56 
Questions is what currently my question is what how must we apply the picture in the Python photo yeah with this protocol means that with this protocol what you can see is what The first and second and third messages and that's it right, and this is what you have. And the offline dictionary tag, you know what it is, right, and then this packet will have the same role with the compromised password file. Right, and you have the Candida dictionaries password Candida dictionaries and you have a hint usually hint is given as a form of a password file in the password file, what does it have? 

38:50 
It has the hash of password, right, fundamentally, okay, so here in this protocol you have package and then you have to think about this. Now again that you can catch the idea so in the protocol you have three packets right ID and the random nonce and the hash of random nonce and Exactly looks the same as the salting cathode, right, the salting here is the random mass. 

39:36 
And then what it's quite easy so you as an attacker, the offline dictionary attacker, you prepare your dictionary password candidate dictionary and the peak one from the dictionary password candidate and then what And they calculate the hash of randomness and password candidate and the randomness is already you've got from the protocol right, the second message is the randomness and it's given In a plain text form, right, so randomness is already given to you as to an attacker and the randomness and the password candidate from the pick from the dictionary, right, and you just hash it hash is already public function, as I already said. 

40:30 
And then you can calculate the r prime for the password can be the PW prime and then if r prime is the same s R the third message then your guess is what is right you found password congratulations all right, if wrong, if they do not match then what? Then you pick the next one from the password dictionary and then try it to do the same thing if still it does not match, then what you do the same thing again and again again through the whole dictionary. 

41:12 
In the end you will find one all right, so this is the offline dictionary attack again it's the protocol so the offline dictionary attack is not only possible to the password file but it can be applied to this kind of protocol authentication protocol. Which means that this authentication protocol is not secure, right, so what you have to do is whenever you try to design a remote authentication protocol. You have to careful in design the orientation protocol, right? Considering the offline dictionary capacity limits, all right, so this is the challenge and response protocol so far we are not happy with this protocol right, so we need to make it. 

42:09 
Possible, but for now it is not easy for us actually for you guys to design a secure authentication protocol because it has to involve much more things. All right, like basic cryptographic primitives, like a digital signature or key exchange and public key encryption and decryption, right, so I'm going to talk about it later in the next session and then we are going to get back to the remote authentication program. But not like this, but with more concrete examples such as the TLS, TLS is the transport layer security, which is the core subject of this class, all right? 

42:57 
All right, and then one more thing to mention about the remote authentication protocol so let's assume that by any means you have successfully authenticate the server and the server authenticate so let's assume that all right. But the problem is this is not the end of the communication between you and the server, right, the reason for the authentication is what? To take advantage of the resources in the server, right, and the subsequent or following communication has to follow, obviously, right, then what? You prove that yourself that you are you right, but the next communication message cannot be guaranteed that this message comes from the entity that has successfully authenticated, right? 

43:55 
You got the idea, I mean that even though you have successfully authenticated yourself to the server and that you believe that you are authenticated. And then you are going to send more messages later on to the server but the server does not know whether this message really comes from the guy who have successfully authenticated or not so we need a kind of the secure session. Recession means that not single one round trip of message communication instead of that, you just log into the server. And you just log out from the server right during the login and logout time, whole messages must be protected or must be proved all the time that you are the right guy. 

44:51 
Right, and every single message from me is really from me, right, this has to be proven, right, so authentication has to be accompanied by always what do you think authentication does not go alone? It has to be accompanied by what the key sharing key sharing. Simultaneously, the authentication and the key exchange or key sharing or key agreement, there are a lot of terms anyway, but they are referring to the same idea, all right? Together with simultaneously the authentication must be accompanied by the key share, right, and if the authentication is successful, then you and the server is going to share the same key. 

45:50 
And then the same key will be used for the whole session before logging out, right, for what to prove that you are sending the message and the guy who has successfully for So authentication comes with all the time with encrypted key exchange, right, so they call it the authenticated key exchange, right, without the key exchange, only with the authentication, as I said. The subsequent or following messages cannot be proven that it comes from the guy who has successfully authenticated, right, so it has to be all in comes with the key agreement or key sharing, all right? All right, any questions? 

46:50 
And then from now on we will talk about these interesting funnel stocks like biometric authentication and then Iphone users is going to already having a face ID which uses also the biometrics using face ID and then Android phone users, I believe that you are using the fingerprint usually or sometimes using the face ID like face recognition technologies. These are called the biometric then biometric authentication actually is related with the usually the local authentication, not the remote authentication right, you had the smartphone and you had the locked door and you would like to unlock your smartphone or you would like to enter the room, right? 

47:39 
And then before doing so, you have to authenticate yourself using benefits then the idea is that we can authenticate an individual individual based on unique physical characteristics everyone has its own Unique characteristics like fingerprint, everyone has different fingerprint, even the twins do not have the same fingerprint, right, they have the different fingerprint. And then also face is really tricky because twin looks almost the same. 

48:20 
And then not only the phase, but also your print and pump print, you see the summarize in your pump, right, and then there is technologies using the pump print and there is some biometrics using the vein, right, and then also Clinical pattern in your eyes and Irish pattern and signature and bodies a lot of biometrics mechanisms exist then these days quite popular. 

48:55 
And then this is the cost versus accurate biometrics cost versus accuracy graph and the x-axis shows the accuracy and y-axis is the cost all right and then these days face is quite cheap and the think of int Price is getting lower and lower line and the accuracy why is a fingerprint sometimes it's better where face ID works quite well these days and then they trust it but what do you do you think that Biometrics is much more secure than password or passcode and pin, what do you think which looks secure, more secure than the other? 

49:47 
What do you think biometrics is secure than password you think so and the password is secure than biometrics others know idea. So whenever you use the phone, when you turn the smartphone, it's totally shut down and then you turn it on, then the smartphone is going to ask you to some kg, right, what was it? Is it a biometrics or a pin code pin code biometrics is there any phone who which requests the biometric first when it turns on? 

50:42 
So I mean that just the turn on the screen and turn on the screen actually requires biometric sometimes, right, but I mean that totally shut down the smartphone and reboot it right then it's going to ask you the pink code, what does this mean? Think of this much more secure. And then for example, another scenario is like there is the large operating system update, for example, right then you click the button to upgrade the system, right then it'll ask you something what is it? In code, right, so whenever a critical mission is performed, then they always ask the in code instead of the biometrics right, this means that the biometrics is not that reliable. 

51:44 
So think about this there is a very big difference between the passcode or password and then biologist there is a very big difference between these two what is it convenience convenience is big thing right, but in terms of security Bienetics has a chance to be wrong, right, I mean that. Is it possible when you input the exact correct password you are rejected or if you input the wrong password, just one character wrong or one bit wrong character you input, but it is accepted? 

52:33 
Is it accepted sometimes no pincode or password has to be exactly the same, right, it has to be exactly the same to be accepted by the system or If you input exact password or pin code, then definitely 100% sure you are going to be accepted by the system right, so this is exact matching, right, 100% matched or 0% matched and that's it. Right, but what about dynamics, there is a chance that. 

53:14 
Even though you are you sometimes you are rejected by the system to me I put my fingerprint, but sometimes it recognized me and then it rejected me or More critical situation is like someone else try to unlock the system using his fingerprint, right, but sometimes it's not or face images, sometimes it's unlocked, which means that Biometrics has a small error rate in two sides, there are two side errors, one side is what false positive and the other is false negative. 

54:01 
Right, false positive means what falsely accept someone else right even though he is not the right person but he is accepted by the system, this is false positive, right, but about the false negative, false negative is related with the convenience. User is the right person and he submitted the correct fingerprint but even so the system rejected it because it falsely negatively made falsely negative decisions right, so this is false negative. So post positive is related to the security and post negative is related to its convenience, right? But there is a trade-off between these two metrics. if you would like to make the host positive very low, then host negative rate goes up if you would like to make it convenient. 

54:58 
To make the false negative rate very low then false negative equals high right there is a high chance for an attacker to be accepted by the system right so this is the the people of the bioethics right not only sometimes it has a Bad cases, all right, then to use the biometrics. Have to first enroll your biometrics information slide as you can see here, you first input your ID and the name and some pin numbers and there is a biometric sensor and you put your biometric feature. 

55:43 
Then there is a feature extractor and then story in the database, right, and in the verification time so I told you before that there are two User identification and authentication slide user verification and identification right verification is the two class decision. You are right or you are wrong or there are other classifications like identification, which means that the system is trying to identify who you are right, this is multi-class decision. In any case, in any case you have enrolled your biometric feature and in case of the verification you are going to give you your biometrics data to the biometric sensor and then feature extractor is going to extract some features and then from the database. 

56:37 
Your claiming feature will be extracted or retrieved from the database and the system has two features, right, one from the light feature extractors and the other from the database and then using these two. They are going to run the feature feature matcher, right, the feature is going to be matched together whether they are looks the same or not, right, but as I said, the bioethics cannot be exactly the same, right, perfectly the same because whenever you take a photo of your face, right? Then you are the same person, but the photo is always different, right, because the angle of the photo or the lightning conditions of the photos, right, all different every time you take a photo, right, so it cannot be hundred percent. 

57:31 
The same and the pixel by pixel comparison cannot be done here, right, so there is a lot of techniques to extract. Features from the face, right? And also there is another okay, so also the fingerprint, you might think that fingerprint is all the same, right, but whenever you put your finger thumb on the fingerprint scanner, then the angle of your Some will be always different, right, and the pressure is all the different. And sometimes your finger changed your fingerprint little bit changed like there might be a car or sometimes you were burnt right, then your fingerprint looks a little bit smart in that case you cannot use it, right? 

58:24 
So it is not easy to do the biometrics matching using the pixel level instead of that we have to be able to extract some identifiable features from face images or fingerprint or iris can and manai. All right, so this is the operation of the biometric system in the case of the identification, this is multi class. Classification problem and then you are going to give your fingerprint or base image and then it's going to try to match the clothes, it's going to try to find out the clothes is match, right, okay, as I said. This is the probability density function and the axis is the. 

59:20 
The feature distribution so this is user A and this is user this feature distribution for example from the face images they can expect some feature distributions in this way. And then there is a decision threshold, right, and then if a lot of feature distribution is greater than this threshold, then the system is going to accept this user, right, but this user As a totally different distribution so usually it is going to be rejected from the system but the problem is there is an overlap between these two users, right? 

01:00:03 
And if you set up the decision threshold is here, then this user will be accepted right, mostly this user, the original user will be accepted but the problem is that this part of This region sometimes is rejected, right, the fingerprint is given sometimes in this year and sometimes here in many cases your fingerprint will be located placed here but sometimes with rare case your fingerprint will generate these features right in that case. This is less than the decision threshold boundary in that case you are rejected alright and there is a chance that you are going to be rejected alright, this is false negative rate alright falsely you are not approved. 

01:00:54 
What about this user this user is going to give her fingerprints all the time and mostly it will be disputed here in this area but in a rare case also this user will generate fingerprints, will generate this part. Then this will be accepted alright, this will be accepted this is the host positive rate so this is the y biometric species sometimes right, so if the feature is very, very clean, hundred percent clean. 

01:01:31 
Then user A is totally separated from user B's distribution feature distribution in that case you can set up the threshold decision threshold then Not so this thing happens right all the time you are going to be accepted hundred percent and any other user will be rejected all the time right, this is the ideal case, but in reality it is not right sometimes attacker is accepted and the genie user is rejected. Even though that arrow is not that big, all right? And then this is the old data, it reports that. 

01:02:18 
Actual binary measurement operating characteristic curves means that x-axis is the false match rate as you already checked out and this is the false not match rate, right? And then according to the biometrics, they have the different characteristic curves, all right, and then this one is the face and then This is voice and this one is the fingerprint and the fingerprint is non maturated is lower, lower the better, right and then if the graph actually Both are false right false learn match and false match so better characteristics will be located here in this area if the curve actually is bent against this axis then it's better right? 

01:03:16 
Further from this axis is worse characteristics it is not always the case, but this is the general trend of the benefits. All right, and lastly, I'm going to talk about the fighter, the fast ID online and this is currently called a different refer to as a different name, like a Pacific. So passkey, I believe that you are using it now, alright, in the smartphone or the laptop, you can install the passkey, you can choose to use the passkey to log into the Ur problem, right? So there are three authentication mechanisms the first one is the mobile authentication, the second one is the passkey and the third one is the third party email authentication right, and I recognize you to use the passkey, right, mobile authentication, deliberate anomaly. 

01:04:15 
That's all this carry around the US smartphone, right pass key if you install it in your computer system, your computer system, then you don't need to take out your phone at the time all right, so what is the vital and what is the pass key, they are the same thing, all right? The whole idea is like this, you have an account, hundreds of accounts over the Internet, right? You have the you have a registered account, a lot of sites and then you have ID and you have password for every single site and then it is more than 100% right then it is not possible to remember the secular password for every single site. 

01:05:04 
And then it is quite common your password has been compromised and then they publicized it in the dark web, right, so they actually Every week or every month there is a dark website which published IWA students password. Right, they compromise password and they upload it I don't know what, they just upload it and then we just regularly monitor the site and then notify the user that your password has been compromised, please change the password the better one, right? And then the password is the issue password is very convenient and that has been used for such a long time, right, but it is not such a good auto page mechanism, as everybody said, we have already checked it out in the tattoo, right? 

01:06:01 
And then also it is very inconvenient sometimes we forgot and then also it is almost impossible to manage a lot of passwords right for hundred or for hundred of sites so the idea is that instead of using the password we are going to use the The public infrastructure alright, the smartphone everybody these days has a smartphone or the smartphone using the smartphone you are loving to some site right in that case using the password instead of using the password. We can use the public key and private key pattern to authenticate the smartphone and the server so in this case the authentication is not exactly the user to server authentication instead of that. 

01:06:54 
The authentication is between the smartphone and the server right smartphone would like to authenticate the smartphone right and the good part with this approach is that smartphone has a nice memory. Better than human right, they have better memory than human, all right, and then they store the very complicated key. Within the smartphone and I use it to log into the server so because I didn't introduce you the idea of the public key cryptography for now, I'm going to talk about I'm going to explain it with the simple term with the linen's term. All right, and then the smartphone has a very complicated key and using this key, the smartphone can authenticate itself to the server right, and if it is successful, they allow to log in all right, this is the whole idea. 

01:07:53 
All right, so that complicated key must be located or stored in your smartphone, right, if you are going to change the smartphone to another, then you have to complicate without that you can log into the system. Okay, but here this is not exactly the user authentication right this is the smartphone authentication the server authenticates smartphone and that's it right but actually the server would like to authenticate user right so they introduced another step. Right, which is about what assumption between the smartphone. 

01:08:34 
And the user right then there is a two step authentication the smartphone first authenticate user if it is successful then smartphone is going to be accepted by authenticated by the subvert right so user to smartphone the smartphone to subvert This is a two step authentication, right, this is by the and the first step the user to smartphone authentication is done by what? For convenience for what by what biometrics right, biometrics, all right, and using your biometrics information like a single change for face image and whatnot you are going to unlock. 

01:09:24 
Has what the complexity key for the authentication to the suburb all right, so your bioelectrics is going to be used to unlock the storage key storage of your smartphone all right, and then in case it's unlocked then The key in the storage can be used to authenticate with the sum. 

01:09:47 
All right, so this is the file framework and this is the path key framework, all right, so you might think that sometimes with a laptop computer without the biometrics scanner, like a fingerprint or face image scanner, then The laptop is going to ask you some very simple pin code you might think that a pin code is too weak is it really secure somehow it's okay because the real remote authentication is occurred using not the pin code but by The key stored in the laptop computer right, so don't worry about that so local authentication is only through the pin code but remote authentication is Is what is by the very complicated long and random key alright so this is the fight of fast ID online and that they have developed this standard like version 1 and version 2 of these days they say that it's fight of 2 but it is absorbed by the past key. 

01:10:54 
This is the pass key idea the next time I'm going to. We are watching together the biometric business tactile, all right, and that's it for today, any questions, all right, so I'm going to see you next. 

